doc: Show usage of the new simpler APIs for mTLS setup coming in Akka HTTP (#1910)
akka/akka-grpc: docs/src/main/paradox/mtls.md

When run the server will only accept client connections that use a keypair that it considers valid, other connections will be denied
and fail with a TLS protocol error.

It is possible to rotate the certificates without restarting the service, see @extref[Akka HTTP documentation](akka-http:server-side/server-https-support.html#rotating-certificates) 

## Setting the client up

> In the client, the trust store must be set up to trust the server cert, in our sample it is signed with the same CA as the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the client, the trust store must be set up to trust the server certificate, in our example it is signed with the same CA as the
```

:  @@snip [MtlsGreeterClient.java](/plugin-tester-java/src/main/java/example/myapp/helloworld/MtlsGreeterClient.java) { #full-client }

A client presenting a keypair will be able to connect to both servers requiring regular HTTPS gRPC services and mTLS servers that
accept the client certificate.

It is possible to rotate the certificates without restarting the service, see @extref[Akka HTTP documentation](akka-http:client-side/client-https-support.html#convenient-loading-of-key-and-certificate)

## Further limiting of access using client certificate identities

In addition to requiring a trusted certificate it is possible to further limit access based on the identity present in
the trusted client certificate ip or dns SAN (Subject Alternative Names) or CN (Common Name).

This is done by wrapping the service handler in the `requireClientCertificateIdentity`:

> FIXME provide sample snippets

Author: Added sample in [5e43b17](https://github.com/akka/akka-grpc/pull/1910/commits/5e43b17841908ddf524d4ee1de6b181d91424b5b)

> FIXME provide sample snippets

Author: Wrong commit, sample added in [1b0a1a5](https://github.com/akka/akka-grpc/pull/1910/commits/1b0a1a56e6a26861075d46c5f5561eea59e05cb2)
